welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season six episode
nine
remember you can watch all these new
episodes of fear the walking dead on amc
plus
plus check out all their other cool
shows and dive into their immersive
expansive epic worlds this episode
begins with june burying her husband
john dory who was just shot by dakota
last episode is so sad but that night
back at lawton virginia's done messing
around she pulls out all of morgan's
friends and lines them up ready to shoot
him she's like hey morgan let's end this
bring my sister dakota here now or i'm
gonna execute your pregnant girlfriend
grace so morgan rides in but he doesn't
have dakota
instead he has the information he found
out from dakota last episode that it was
dakota virginia's little sister that
killed that ranger the other episode and
she covered it up which now makes some
of these other rangers question their
loyalty to virginia now victor strand is
pretty high up in virginia's
organization these days she's like yo
the time has come to prove your loyalty
to me shoot daniel salazar right now
this is kind of funny because of course
strand did shoot daniel back in season
three but that was a lifetime ago in any
case this kind of confusion is exactly
what victor strand has been waiting for
because he turns on virginia
you know he's a smooth talker and
apparently he's been busy he's got like
half the rangers on his side
it turns into an epic shootout oh man
lot in civil war
in the end some of virginia's loyal
rangers get away with daniel and grace
she's like yo morgan they got orders to
kill him unless you help me escape and
get me to my sister so morgan gets
virginia out of there and patches her up
he's like you keep saying you want to
see your sister but dakota has no
interest in seeing you
why does she hate you so much well it's
because dakota thinks virginia killed
their parents but we don't get that
story we do learn the big secret though
that dakota is not virginia's little
sister
it's her daughter just then some more
people show up wanting to kill virginia
in the swat van
yeah remember that's the group of
outcasts virginia was gonna kill that
now wear the mask for some reason
remember sherry's with them and she
catches up to virginia now she's never
even actually met virginia before she
doesn't have any personal beef but she
really wants to kill her as sort of a
stand-in for the tyrant that abused her
negan before she does though morgan
knocks her down like you can't kill her
yet she has some of our friends and so
morgan gets virginia too the new
settlement he's building at the dam
yes they've been working hard this
settlement's coming along and it looks
like it's going to be a great one but
now victor strand shows up at the gates
with all of his loyal rangers they
demand virginia they want to kill her
for justice and apparently they've made
an alliance with the masked outcasts who
are demanding virginia too
and so it's the end for virginia
morrigan's got his executioner's axe
he's gonna do it but oh he's remembering
all the stuff he's been through and how
he really hated killing and he only
started again to survive so when the
time comes oh he just can't do it he
makes a passionate speech like hasn't
there been enough killing we're trying
to build a new world here and this is
not the way to start it
he sticks his new axe into the ground to
be a symbol of like they don't need to
kill anymore
his speech was pretty good so everyone's
like fine whatever and now the last of
the hostages are returned
including grace yes she and morgan are
reunited in case you forgot their
relationship they're not even
technically dating i don't think they've
kissed yet but they've been flirting
pretty heavy so it's like you know
they're basically a thing dwight talks
to his love sherry like hey the fight
with virginia's over come to the secret
valley with me we'll live happily ever
after but jerry's like dwight i'm sorry
i'm just not ready i still thirst for
vengeance
these two lovers finally reunited kind
of break up as she goes off to hang with
the new masked friends
they're keeping the swap van and they're
going off to do i'm not sure what victor
strand also doesn't want to live in the
happy valley he's going to take his
rangers go back to lawton i guess he's
like hey don't forget there's this other
threat out there the end is the
beginning crew
they're going to be the main story in
the second half of season six here and
alicia the other main character of the
series doesn't have a whole lot to say
so virginia and dakota are reunited she
tells her the secret you're actually my
daughter which whoa mind blown
the group's not gonna let them stay here
though they're gonna send them off on
their way to you know make new life but
june stays behind for a chat with
virginia like hey it's your fault that
your crazy daughter killed my husband
and she whips out one of john's pistols
oh june what are you doing blam
she kills virginia she puts on john's
cowboy hat she's all messed up and
morgan's left standing there like why do
i even bother
so the threat of virginia is finished
what will happen in the rest of season 6
find out next time on fear the walking
dead
now you already know amc plus is the
place for all things the walking dead
but you also get access to a ton of
other great shows
looking for an action-packed crime drama
you gotta watch gangs of london
enter the violent streets of fictional
modern london as sean wallace hunts down
his father's killer and rises to the top
of the criminal underworld discover the
romance thriller a discovery of witches
where witches vampires and demons live
among us
a dangerous mystery and a forbidden
romance this kind of thing's my guilty
pleasure maybe you're into the punk
fantasy world of the watch where an
unlikely group of misfits have to find
the guts to save the world a comedy
adventure with wizards werewolves and
dragons i mean come on i gotta check it
out if horror is your thing you're just
in time for shutters halfway to
halloween month with a packed lineup of
new horror shows and movies catch new
episodes of creep show season 2
still the most fun you'll ever have
being scared so click the link in the
description to sign up for your
seven-day free trial of amc plus now get
all the walking dead content you love
plus explore the rest of their epic
worlds
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member